everyone remembers where they were that
day the day of the event
[Music]
we were only 50 miles from Ground Zero
the event took people we cared about but
it also left the part of them behind
remnants
well there's a lot we still don't
understand they might be playing out
moments of their life moving their own
death but no matter what they can't
communicate with you we can't touch
what's up with you and go schooling goes
boy
Kirk Wayne he's like obsessed with REMS
I've seen you in class you have more
questions that some people seem to
you're awake
[Music]
I saw this new remnant help me figure
out who this room is why do you care
what makes me so special I think you
might want to hurt me
is a killer when we die we leave an echo
of ourselves behind
these echoes they can become doorways
through which a person can reach back
and touch the living
I'm afraid you don't have much time
in a world where the dead walk among the
living
nothing is as it seems
[Music]